I am applying for financial aid because I belong from a low-middle class family where my father can just pay my and my brother's school fee and sustain the house expenses.Also a lot of money goes to the house loan and treatment of my grandmother my father cant handle these expenses and since he is the only earning member in the house it is very difficult to pay the fee. Since we are not taught these topics and I just want to improve my skill-set so I am applying for financial aid. Also in the conferences of Machine learning which were held here I actively participated in them and was also awarded for a model which I built with my seniors. So I have a huge interest in the topic and I will do full justice with it. Due to lack of justice and exposure I am not getting to know how to start and learn the topic but once I get started I promise that I will do something good with the skill.
Since there is a lot of demand of data scientists out there in the corporate sectors as well as in the research sector, pursuing this course and earning a verifies certificate will help build up my resume so that I can apply for internships here. Also by learning the principles I will be able to develop my skill and will guide my juniors who are equally willing to learn but due to lack of resources and guidance are not able to(there are weekly classes held in our institution where the seniors interact with juniors and teach them). More importantly I will be able to build my projects independently which will give me a lot of confidence boost which I definitely require to excel in such huge competition. Also since I have a lot of interest in the topic and am fluent with python I will do full justice with it. Most importantly I want to do a research internship next year so if I get to learn and get a start early on I think I might be able to meet my goal. I would be highly obliged if I get the financial aid.

I am applying for financial aid because my family income is just enough to meet our daily needs and to pay off our house loan. I work part-time to pay my college fee and it is very difficult for my parents to be able to pay for anything else. Our college does not offer courses on machine learning or data science but I have a lot of interest in it. I know many of the mathematical concepts involved in machine learning but it becomes difficult to implement it practically without anyone's guidance and I really want to improve my skills. The seminars on machine learning held in my city really interest me but with very little money to spare, I am unable to enroll to courses. I have built quite a few applications in the past and I know that I can improve them in certain ways using the concepts of machine learning but will be unable to proceed without help. Given an opportunity, I will definitely work hard and make good use of the knowledge.

I am applying for financial aid because my family income is just enough to meet our daily needs and to pay off our house loan. I work part-time to pay my college fee and it is very difficult for my parents to be able to pay for anything else. My stream does not offer courses on data structures and algorithms but I have a lot of interest in it considering the wide range of real world applications it has. I know many of the mathematical concepts involved in data structures and algorithms but it becomes difficult to implement it practically without anyone's guidance and I really want to improve my skills. The seminars on algorithms held in my city really interest me but with very little money to spare, I am unable to enroll to courses. I have built quite a few applications in the past and I know that I can improve them in certain ways using certain specific data structures but will be unable to proceed without help. Given an opportunity, I will definitely work hard and make good use of the knowledge.

I am applying for financial aid because my family income is just enough to meet our daily needs and to pay off our house loan. I work part-time to pay my college fee and it is very difficult for my parents to be able to pay for anything else. Our college does not offer courses on machine learning or data science but I have a lot of interest in it. I know most of the mathematical concepts involved in deep learning but it becomes difficult to implement it practically without anyone's guidance and I really want to improve my skills. The seminars on machine learning held in my city really interest me but with very little money to spare, I am unable to enroll to courses. I have built quite a few machine learning applications in the past and I know that I can improve them in certain ways after learning to implement deep learning correctly, but will be unable to proceed without help. Given an opportunity, I will definitely work hard and make good use of the knowledge.

Recently there has been a rising demand of data scientists and people who can apply machine learning concepts in problem solving. Earning a verified certificate will help build my resume so that I can apply for research internships. I have always had a lot of interest in this field and I am willing to work hard and put my knowledge to good use. I really want to improve my skill set and and also help my friends and juniors who are also very keen on learning these concepts but are unable to do so because of lack of access to good courses or teachers. I hope to build better projects in the future using this knowledge. I want to do a research internship next year and a certificate in machine learning will help me a lot to compete with other brilliant students. As somebody who is constantly trying to learn new things in the field of computer science in general, I am sure I will be able to do justice to the course. I would be highly obliged if I am granted a financial aid.

Recently there has been a rising demand of data scientists and people who can apply deep learning concepts in problem solving. Earning a verified certificate will help build my resume so that I can apply for research internships. I have always had a lot of interest in this field and have basic knowledge of python and machine learning libraries like tensorflow, but I have always wanted to know the finer details of how deep learning works and in what scenarios we can successfully apply it. I am willing to work hard and put my knowledge to good use. I really want to improve my skill set and and also help my friends and juniors who are also very keen on learning these concepts but are unable to do so because of lack of access to good courses or teachers. I hope to build better projects in the future using this knowledge. I want to do a research internship next year and a certificate in deep learning will help me a lot to compete with other brilliant students. As somebody who is constantly trying to learn new things in the field of data science in general, I am sure I will be able to do justice to the course. I would be highly obliged if I am granted a financial aid.

Every project or application requires optimization to make most of the hardware resources available and there is a high demand of people who can apply optimized data structures in problem solving. It is also necessary to have a good knowledge of these concepts for competitive programming. Earning a verified certificate will help build my resume so that I can apply for research internships. I have always had a lot of interest in this field and I am willing to work hard and put my knowledge to good use. I really want to improve my skill set and and also help my friends and juniors who are also very keen on learning these concepts but are unable to do so because of lack of access to good courses or teachers. I hope to build better projects in the future using this knowledge. I want to do a research internship next year and a certificate in data structures will help me a lot to compete with other brilliant students. As somebody who is constantly trying to learn new things in the field of computer science in general, I am sure I will be able to do justice to the course. I would be highly obliged if I am granted a financial aid.

In the current state of affairs, I am unable to shell out any amount of money due to other expenses. I already work part-time to pay for my college fees and it is impossible for my parents to help me with this at the moment. I understand the hard work put in to build this course, and would have loved to pay the full course fee, but right now I don't think I will be able to spend on this course.

